Planet Generator
----------------

Easily create a blog roll or planet out of multiple feeds on a similar
subject.

How to use
----------

Change the `$csv_url` in `find_feeds` to point to a CSV file that lists the
sites you want to aggregate.  If you don't want to download blogs.csv from
somewhere, just put it in the work dir as blogs.csv and disable the
`fetch_csv` function call.

Run `download_feeds` to actually download the content of each feed in
`feeds.csv`, the file that was generated by `find_feeds`.

Edit the `$planet_XXX` and `@keywords` variables in `generate_planet` to
your needs.  The `@keywords` array are words the feed items must match to be
included (at least one).  Run the script to create `planet.xml` in the work
dir.  Symlink this file into your website somewhere.

Install appropriate entries in your crontab to make it run on a regular
basis.

Creating a wrapper script similar to this (I usually name it `run.sh`) is
probably the simplest way to use it:

    #!/bin/bash

    cd $HOME/src/planet_generator
    mkdir -p work
    ./find_feeds
    ./download_feeds
    ./generate_planet
    if [ -r work/planet.xml ]; then
        cp work/planet.xml /somewhere/else/planet.xml
    fi
    cd - >/dev/null

Using Docker
------------

Run `./build_docker_image` once to create the Docker image
`planet_generator`.

Creating a wrapper script similar to this (I usually name it `run.sh`) is
probably the simplest way to use it:

    #!/bin/bash

    pushd $HOME/src/planet_generator >/dev/null
    mkdir -p work
    ./run_docker_container
    if [ -r work/planet.xml ]; then
        cp work/planet.xml /somewhere/else/planet.xml
    fi
    popd >/dev/null

Dependencies
------------

Install these packages with your favorite Perl CPAN client.

* Text::CSV
* XML::Feed
* Feed::Find
* URI
* LWP::Protocol::https
* File::Slurp
* DateTime
* Regexp::Assemble

Copyright
---------

Robin Smidsrød <robin@smidsrod.no> 2013-2015

License
-------

Same as Perl 5.
